hey guys where has been a long long
weekend sorry i haven't uploaded any
videos but they are right here yeah so i
did do some videos but i didn't have
time to upload them so catching up to
date with you basically i am now go into
a new gym with some better weights and
some more equipment and i'm going to pay
for it this time but it's gonna be a lot
more healthier for me healthier no it's
gonna be it's just going to be a lot
better of me anyway I'm just pulling up
now so i'll have to speak to you guys
later on okay guys so this is not
Republican National okay so this is my
new gym I've just signed up 25 for a
month isn't too bad so now I've got some
proper weights some big big dumbbells I
got that machine there I got bench press
and one of those all in ones but really
a lot bigger so hopefully this is going
to work out for me really well so I've
got a whole month six days a week and
today I gotta start on my chest and abs
I really should start bring one from
little bit okay normally I shouldn't
have one topping again but because no
one's in here at the moment I just want
to see my progress as I'm actually
making the way to see if anything is
actually turning through coming through
totaling three so we're now on 6.25 side
well some quickly having a break just
basically going to tell you about this
new regime I'm going to be going on may
mind arrow keys spatially he's told me
what I need to start doing to get this
beach body within the short amount of
time I've got I'm going to need to go
Finn what you said so I've started the
new jemison proper weight some proper
machines next I'm on zero carb diet I
sailed on that works helpful I'm going
to need a lot of proteins and more eggs
chicken red meat
okay also I think sit ups are pretty
good for the ABS so I'm going to see but
now i'm going to say i'm going to do to
do to do to do i'm going to do 25 for
the first set on the third bar high one
two three then go up another bar and
another bar we'll see how far I can go
I'm going to do 25 reps per set wraps it
up your rims we'll just set ups 25
setups per set
let's go three just don't take a step
John
cafe yep